Hello
Excuse me, the menstrual group is a small group.
To the position of the first wealthy house in the building today
What happened behind it?
Miss Yue
Once upon a time, menstruation was an inconspicuous small group
But now not only has the Kim Group been acquired
It also received investment from Genting Group
So what's happened here?
Ms. Yue, I would like to ask
This Mr. Xue Zhilong and Ms. Covenant
couple relationship
How did you two respond?
Then ask the two
Because of the relationship between the two
Is Genting Group the only monthly investment?
Here's another question.
Miss Yue and I are indeed in a relationship
I also like menstruation because Miss Yue is capable
She single-handedly cultivates menstruation
Our Genting Group invests in menstruation
It's also because of Miss Yue
Mr. Long and I are indeed in love
But don't deny our monthly menstruation because of this.
I, Yue Xiaorou, never depend on anyone
We all know that.
But we also want to ask, uh
About this
How did your monthly affairs group develop?
And including that of our other groups
What are your thoughts?
There you go. Okay.
The press conference is over
Now is our time together